questions_answers {
    In which town do the Simpsons reside? : Springfield,
    What is the name of the Simpsons' next door neighbor? : Ned Flanders, 
    Who founded the Simpsons' town? : Jebadiah Springfield, 
    How old is Bart? : 10,
    What is the name of the clown on Channel 6? : Krusty,
    What is the name of Lisa's jazz mentor? : Bleeding Gums Murphy, 
    Who is Mr Burns' assistant? : Waylon Smithers, 
    What is the name of the bar where Homer drinks? : Moe's Tavern,
    What did the Simpsons get for their first Christmas? : Santa's Little Helper,
    What is the name of the minister at the First Church of Springfield? : Timothy Lovejoy,
    Who runs the Kwik-E-Mart? : Apu,
    What nationality were the people who bought the power plant from Mr. Burns? : German,
    What is the name of Mr. Burns' teddy bear? : Bobo,
    What did Homer buy Marge for her 34th birthday? : Bowling Ball, 
    Who provided the voice for Poochie in the Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie show? : Homer,
    What is the name of the school bus driver? : Otto,
    What did Bart name his pet elephant? : Stampy,
    What is Chief Wiggum's first name? : Clancy,
    What is Marge's maiden name? : Bouvier,
    What did Homer smuggle on board the space shuttle? : Potato Chips,
    Who teaches music at Springfield Elementary? : Mr. Largo,
    Who did Barney replace in the Be Sharps? : Chief Wiggum,
    Who are Lisa's favorite cartoon characters? : Happy Little Elves, 
    What does Smithers collect? : Malibu Stacey Dolls,
    What is the name of Homer's brother? : Herbert Powell,
    What is the name of Bart's favorite comic book action hero? : Radioactive Man,
    Who is Radioactive Man's sidekick? : Fallout Boy,
    What is Sideshow Bob's middle name? : Underdunk,
    Which famous person does Marge love to paint? : Ringo Starr,
    Who ran Bart over in his car? : Mr. Burns,
    What insect stars on Channel Ocho? : Bumblebee,
    Who did Marge go to her high school prom with? : Artie Ziff,
    Who practices medicine without a license? : Dr. Hibbert,
    What was the name of Homer's secretary when he was promoted? : Karl,
    What was the name of the country and western singer that Homer managed? : Lurleen Lumpkin,
    Who invented the Flaming Moe? : Homer,
    Who was the Plow King? : Barney,
    What is the name of the cocktail waitress Ned married? : Ginger,

}